Documentation/plant structs (#325)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/database/hierarchy.md

## Attributes

> Columns are documented in [the struct](/backend/src/model/entity.rs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Columns are documented in their [respective structs](/backend/src/model/entity.rs).
```
There are multiple structs in `entity.rs`.
